# School District Final Analysis
## Without Math and Reading scores for Thomas High School's Ninth Graders.
In the District summary, the average for Math and Reading grades only saw a reduction by 0.1 for Math while Reading remained the same. Percentages for passing both tests, as well as the overall passing percentage, were reduced by 1% each because the 9th grader's at Thomas High School represent approximately 1% of the total District population, by which these percentages are calculated. 

School Summary for Thomas High School has a similar outcome for the average scores, showing less than 0.1 difference when the ninth graders scores are disregarded. Although, notice that the absence of data for more than a quarter of the student total population we see a sharp drop in percentage passing for Math and Reading test. To get an accurate representation for this school, for the percentage of students that passed I would recommend updating the dataset to have accurate grades and repeat this analysis. Another option would be to, for this study, omit the 461 Ninth grade students, this would give a clearer understanding of how well the students in other grades passed and compare to the overall rankings.

Concerning the rankings, removing the ninth grade scores and not removing the 461 students that are being counted in the population total drastically changed where Thomas High School ranks against the other schools in the district. Dropping from second highest down to the worst in the district again reaffirming the need to address the incorrect scores or removing the student data altogether to, at least, have accurate percentages for the rest of the students at Thomas High School.

A breakdown of schools and individual grade levels, only the Ninth grade percentage at Thomas High School is not reflected in both Math and Reading. 

Spending per school is accurate since we left the rest of the data intact for the analysis because we have the total students to correctly calculate the spending per student. Again, the percentage passing numbers are skewed for Thomas High School,this will drag down the Medium School Size and Charter School Type percentage passing outcomes. 